Document `hide-local-auth-provider` feature flag in v2.15 feature flags reference (#1286)
rancher/rancher-product-docs: versions/v2.15/modules/en/pages/installation-and-upgrade/references/feature-flags.adoc

* `continuous-delivery`: Allows Fleet GitOps to be disabled separately from Fleet. See {xref-continuous-delivery}[Continuous Delivery.] for more information.
* `fleet`: The Rancher provisioning framework in v2.6 and later requires Fleet. The flag will be automatically enabled when you upgrade, even if you disabled this flag in an earlier version of Rancher. See {xref-fleet}[Continuous Delivery with Fleet] for more information.
* `harvester`: Manages access to the Virtualization Management page, where users can navigate directly to Harvester clusters and access the Harvester UI. See {xref-harvester-overview}[{harvester-product-name} Integration Overview] for more information.
* `hide-local-auth-provider`: When enabled, hides the local auth provider from users if one or more external auth providers are configured and active. This prevents login, and creation or editing of `local-auth-provider users`, through the UI, API, and CLI. It does not revoke API keys that were already issued for `local-auth-provider` users, and users with the `manage-users` permission are unaffected. This flag is disabled by default.
+
[#hide-local-auth-provider-warning]
[WARNING]
====

> Before enabling `hide-local-auth-provider`, make sure the default administrator has a valid, non-expiring-soon API key or `kubeconfig` access. If the external auth provider becomes unavailable while this flag is active, login through the local auth provider is also blocked in the UI, API, and CLI. Remember that API keys have an expiration time, so generate a new API key before the current one expires.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the external auth provider becomes unavailable whilst this flag is active it will not be possible to login via UI, API or CLI. 

So when `hide-local-auth-provider` is enabled, make sure an administrator has a valid, non-expiring-soon API key or `kubeconfig` token for the local cluster. These can be used to recover the system by disabling the flag.
```

> To recover, use `kubectl` to disable the `hide-local-auth-provider` flag, since login through the UI or API is not possible in that failure state. Alternatively, users with the `manage-users` permission bypass these restrictions and can still manage local auth provider users.

Reviewer: Given changes above this can be dropped.

I wasn't sure on the manage-users bit, with the FF enabled updating users wouldn't make a difference to the log in process.

Reviewer 2: Thanks for the review, @richard-cox. 
 
> I wasn't sure on the manage-users bit, with the FF enabled updating users wouldn't make a difference to the log in process.

This is from https://github.com/rancher/rancher-product-docs/issues/1227#issue-4877808839 so I guess we should keep it in?

Reviewer: ```Beware II: This feature interacts with the manage-users privilege/permission. A user with this privilege bypasses all the checks, including this new hide feature. I.e. such a privileged user can still edit local user any way they like.```

Ok i see this now. Think it's implying that even with the feature flag enabled a user with the manage-users role can still make changes to users associated with the local provider. If they can do it though i would assume also admins can. Makes me wonder why the UI was asked to disable managing users when api/cli world still can. 

So this change is separate from the issue of borking the install. To make this clear I think this needs splitting out into a new topic and further clarification added. I'm made a similar suggestion to the ff description above

Reviewer 2: Thanks for your suggestion, committed. I think with it we don't need to discuss the `manage-users` in the admonition box again, then, so we should be fine.

* `clean-stale-secrets`: Removes stale secrets from the `cattle-impersonation-system` namespace. This slowly cleans up old secrets which are no longer being used by the impersonation system.
* `cluster-shell`: Enables the Rancher cluster shell feature, which allows users to access a kubectl shell directly from the Rancher UI to manage cluster resources.
* `continuous-delivery`: Allows Fleet GitOps to be disabled separately from Fleet. See {xref-continuous-delivery}[Continuous Delivery.] for more information.
* `fleet`: The Rancher provisioning framework in v2.6 and later requires Fleet. The flag will be automatically enabled when you upgrade, even if you disabled this flag in an earlier version of Rancher. See {xref-fleet}[Continuous Delivery with Fleet] for more information.
* `harvester`: Manages access to the Virtualization Management page, where users can navigate directly to Harvester clusters and access the Harvester UI. See {xref-harvester-overview}[{harvester-product-name} Integration Overview] for more information.

> * `hide-local-auth-provider`: When enabled, hides the local auth provider from users if one or more external auth providers are configured and active. This prevents login, and creation or editing of `local-auth-provider users`, through the UI, API, and CLI. It does not revoke API keys that were already issued for `local-auth-provider` users, and users with the `manage-users` permission are unaffected. This flag is disabled by default.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `hide-local-auth-provider`: When enabled, hides the local auth provider from users if one or more external auth providers are configured and active. This prevents login through the UI, API, and CLI. It does not revoke API keys that were already issued for `local-auth-provider` users. Creation or editing of `local-auth-provider users` in the UI is also disabled, administrators and users with the `manage-users` permission will continue to be able to create or edit users via API or CLI. This flag is disabled by default.* 
```

* `harvester`: Manages access to the Virtualization Management page, where users can navigate directly to Harvester clusters and access the Harvester UI. See {xref-harvester-overview}[{harvester-product-name} Integration Overview] for more information.
* `hide-local-auth-provider`: When enabled, hides the local auth provider from users if one or more external auth providers are configured and active. This prevents login through the UI, API, and CLI. It does not revoke API keys that were already issued for `local-auth-provider` users. Creation or editing of `local-auth-provider users` in the UI is also disabled, administrators and users with the `manage-users` permission will continue to be able to create or edit users via API or CLI. This flag is disabled by default.
+
[#hide-local-auth-provider-warning]
[WARNING]
====
If the external auth provider becomes unavailable whilst this flag is active it will not be possible to log in via UI, API or CLI.

> When `hide-local-auth-provider` is enabled, make sure an administrator has a valid, non-expiring-soon API key or `kubeconfig` token for the local cluster. These can be used to recover the system by disabling the flag.

Reviewer: The `so` linked it in to the previous point. maybe not the best suggestion from me in terms of structure / grammer.

Can we instead go with something like below for all three pararagraphs...?

---

If the external auth provider becomes unavailable whilst this flag is active it will not be possible to log in via UI, API or CLI. So when `hide-local-auth-provider` is enabled, make sure an administrator has a valid, non-expiring-soon API key or `kubeconfig` token for the local cluster. These can be used to recover the system by using either the API or  `kubectl` to disable the `hide-local-auth-provider` flag

 ---

Sorry to keep pushing for changes here, but it's an extremely important part and helps prevent users from totally bricking their rancher install.

Reviewer 2: Thanks @richard-cox , applied!
